well let's see there's no grape ice
cream it's always 9 41 on iphone screens
a man ate an airplane people in this
world do strange things
no surprise there just check this out
there's no grape ice cream because
grapes are 81 percent water
so when you freeze them you just get ice
besides
most people don't fancy great flavor for
ice cream
chickens and ostriches are genetically
closer to the tyrannosaurus rex
than modern big reptiles like alligators
or crocodiles
bubble wrap was originally invented as a
wallpaper
later when the product wasn't successful
they started using it as a packing
material
nintendo is more than 130 years old
it was founded in 1889. back then the
company sold playing cards
later it was even involved in a ramen
noodle business
philly set is the first and so far only
cat
sent to outer space she took off in 1963
and came back safely meow
since ethiopia uses a different starting
point for their calendar calculations
it's seven years behind most of the
world or
sometimes even eight depending on which
month it is
pilots of boeing 787s won't blink an eye
if one of the engines stops mid fly
well yeah they might blink this plane
can safely operate on just one engine
for six and a half hours if there's no
wall
between the kitchen and dining or living
room in your home
you're more likely to eat more than
people who have those walls
the world's deepest mailbox is in
tsusami bay japan
it's 32 feet under water you need to
wear a diving suit to pick up and drop
off a letter
faulty kitkats that don't make it to the
stores are turned into a fine
paste and become a filling for other
kitkat bars
can we say kitty candy cannibalism on
this channel
no okay ryan young
hotel in north korea is the tallest
empty building
it's 1082 feet tall exactly
no need to guess one of the astronauts
on apollo 17
the spaceship that landed on the moon
was allergic to the moon dust
the time on iphone's ipads or mac
screens
is set to 941 on any billboard
commercial or print ad
it's about time when your dog's feet
smell like corn chips
it's called frito feet but don't worry
it's just a yeasty odor coming from
bacteria that naturally live
on a dog spas back in the 1870s
one belgian city decided to use cats as
mail carriers
they trained 37 furballs but later gave
up the idea
because the cats were too slow they were
also too curious and opened the letters
nah that's not right google got its name
after the word google which is the math
term for a number one
followed by 100 zeros it refers to the
search engine's capacity to give an
unthinkable amount of information dna
is fireproof scientists coded different
materials with diluted dna
and they didn't burn hey don't look now
but 60 tons of dust from meteorites
comets and other solar bodies
fall to earth every day oceans store a
massive amount of gold
worth more than 771 trillion dollars
but it's not on the ocean floor the gold
is diluted in the water itself
the longest mountain range on earth
isn't the andes but the mid
oceanic ridge is almost forty 000 miles
long and most of it's underwater
your body produces around a quart of
saliva each day
and without it all the food in the world
would be tasteless for you
the first flight on a hot air balloon
happened in 1783
and its passengers were a duck a rooster
and a sheep
the sheep apparently didn't like the
ride all he could say was
humbug the ancient city pompeii had fast
food restaurants
where citizens could get food from a
menu written on a fresco
icebergs are not only white and blue
they can be
deep green as well because ice gets
mixed with
tiny iron iron-rich rock particles of a
reddish hue
when you mix blue and red colors only
green is left
while in space astronauts can grow two
inches taller
it happens because the spine relaxes and
expands without the earth's gravity
but when they return their height slowly
returns to normal
hey if you tried a new variety of apple
every day it would take you over 20
years to taste each of the more than
7 500 times watch out
it's illegal to build sand castles on
the beaches of araclea italy
back in the 70s a french man ate a whole
plane
cessna 150 piece by piece which took him
two years
he managed to pull it off because his
digestive system was
incredibly strong potatoes can absorb
and reflect a wi-fi signal
that's why they were used by aviation
companies to test
wi-fi on planes so could they call that
wi-fly
peridolia is the illusion of seeing
human or animal features in
inanimate objects like when a particular
cloud totally looks like a giraffe to
you
horseshoe crabs have 10 eyes scattered
all over their body
some of them are near their mouth others
are on the top of their shell
and a few down their tail look out
it's illegal to sell photos of the
eiffel tower taken at night
because the evening light show is under
copyright law
back in the day americans used dried
corn cobs
instead of toilet paper in the 1800s
ketchup was sold as medicine helping
with stomach ailments
it was even produced in a pill form
the aquatic animal sea cucumber spews
out its internal organs to protect
itself
and it stays alive after that because
the organs grow
back eventually probably where the
phrase spill your guts came from
just guessing here winter in the
canadian town of fermont
is very cold and lasts for around seven
months that's why public places like
schools cafes shops etc
are inside a series of interconnected
structures
such design helps residents stay inside
arachoboutrophobia is the fear of peanut
butter sticking to the roof of your
mouth
there's an activity called extreme
ironing
it involves ironing shirts in
unconventional places
like in a canoe floating on a rough
mountain river or
on a road during a race how clever
modern school buses often have a white
roof because this color helps keep it
cooler on a hot day
plus white top buses are much easier to
spot from afar by other drivers
silent karaoke is a special microphone
with a cone to place over your mouth
it muffles most of the sounds when you
sing if you're too shy
kind of defeats the purpose watching
scary movies burns around 113 calories
it's caused by the release of the
hormone adrenaline that draws
energy from your body when the water
recedes quickly and
unexpectedly from a beach exposing the
ocean floor
it's a sign of a tsunami wait where you
going
the blue part of an eraser is for a
pencil not a pen
but it's supposed to be used for writing
on thicker paper
as a bonus it erases smudges from the
pink eraser
rubbing your fingers on a stainless
steel like a kitchen sink
will help you get rid of garlic smell on
the skin after cooking
the food not your skin giraffes have
black tongs
scientists think this color prevents
them from getting sun burnt when they
eat
olympus mons the highest mountain in the
solar system
is on mars its peak is 15 miles which is
almost three times higher than everest
in 2017 adidas sold one million
shoes made of ocean plastic it takes 11
plastic bottles to make one pair
beavers have transparent eyelids so they
can swim
underwater with closed eyes lightning
can heat the air as it passes through
to a sizzling 50 000 degrees fahrenheit
as five times hotter than the sun
fleas can jump up to 100 times their
body length
the flea olympic team is preparing for
the upcoming games
green bank in west virginia has become a
cell free zone
because wireless signals could interfere
with the work of the world's largest
steerable radio telescope
your fingers bend and stretch about 25
million times during your whole life
wow that's hard to grasp the shortest
commercial flight in the world lasts
just
57 seconds it covers the distance of
only 1.7 miles
between two scottish islands westray and
papa west tray the day after tomorrow
is called overmorrow just in case it
ever comes up in conversation
actually it hasn't but it's good to be
prepared
180 000 rooftop bees survived the notre
dame
2019 fire their hives were built there
in 2013
to increase the bee population just
their luck
strato launch is the biggest plane in
the world its wingspan is 385
feet more than a football field
antarctica is actually a desert because
it doesn't get much rain or snow
and when they do fall they quickly turn
into ice
even though france is smaller than the
u.s or russia
it has more time zones 12. that's
because there are islands all over the
world that belong to the country
[Music]
ninety percent of serotonin a hormone
that makes us feel good
is produced in our guts strawberry
isn't a berry but avocado is
ooh mix them up and we could have a
straw avocado
finally there's this when dolphins sleep
one hemisphere of their brain stays
active while the other one rests
that's why they sleep with one eye open
on alert for predators
and until next time i'll keep an eye out
for you
ow just kidding